Update schema for txpool_getTransactionsFromPool (#1972)
LiskHQ/lisk-service: docs/antora/modules/ROOT/pages/configuration/index.adoc

| Mainchain service URL for custom deployments.
| https://service.lisk.com

| `INVOKE_ALLOWED_METHODS`
| string

> | List of allowed methods that can be invoked via `invoke` api endpoint. The list can be expressed as a CSV. `*` indicates all endpoints can be invoked.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| List of allowed methods that can be invoked via the `/invoke` API endpoint.
The list can be expressed as a CSV.
To allow invocation of all endpoints, set it to `*`.
To allow invocation of all the registered methods under the specified namespaces, set it similar to `legacy,chain`.
To allow invocation of specific methods, set it similar to `chain_getBlocksByIDs,chain_getBlocksByHeight`.
```

Author: Applied.
